# About {{config.BrandName}}

This is a fork of gddo, the software which previously powered the now-defunct godoc.org{{with config.AdminName}}, operated by {{.}}{{end}}.

=> https://sr.ht/~sircmpwn/godocs.io Source code
{{- with config.WebsiteIssues}}
=> {{.}} Website issues{{end}}
=> / Back to home

## Documentation

{{config.BrandName}} generates documentation from Go source code. The guidelines for writing Go documentation apply.

=> https://go.dev/doc/comment Guidelines for documenting Go code

It's important to write a good summary of the package in the first sentence of the package comment. {{config.BrandName}} indexes the first sentence and displays it in search results.

## Add a package

To add a package to {{config.BrandName}}, search for the package by import path. If {{config.BrandName}} does not already have the documentation for the package, it will fetch the package source code from the Go module proxy on the fly.

=> /-/search Search for a package

{{config.BrandName}} checks for module updates periodically. You can force {{config.BrandName}} to check for updates by clicking the refresh link at the bottom of the package documentation page. If that doesn't work, it's possible that the module proxy doesn't know about the update yet. You can try fetching the module with 'go get' to force the module proxy to check for updates.

{{if config.AdminEmail -}}
## Remove a package

If you do not want {{config.BrandName}} to display documentation for your package, send mail to {{config.AdminEmail}} with the import path of the package that you want to remove.
{{- end}}
